## Meeting Minutes: Team 23 (Fortune 500)
### Pipeline + Sprint Delegation

### 19 May 2023, 2:00-3:15 pm @ Geisel Library and Zoom

### **Attendance**:
- [x] Luke Sheltraw
- [x] Luke Skerrett
- [ ] Neel Basu
- [x] Xiaonan Fu
- [x] Prashasth Katukojwala
- [x] Eric Vu
- [x] Aatash Pestonjamasp
- [x] Runpeng (Benson) Jian
- [ ] Christopher Hashim
- [x] Marc Baeuerle

### **Agenda**:
1. Old Business
    - Converting issues from drive / old repo to new repo
3. New Business
    - Phase 1 pipeline + ci/cd work

### **Future Investigation**:
- Working on issues that were created, furthering adr, furthering phase 1 files for pipeline assignment

### **Decisions Made (and Reasoning)**:
- 2D page for users who cannot access "pretty pixels" page, CI/CD decisions (see adr), repo created for source code yet SSOT is still main repo. 

Created entire pipeline folder with diagram and phase 1. See admin/cipipeline.

This meeting finished at 3:12 pm.
